Create ui-c8y-1021-4-4-added-logic-for-trimming-values-in-provider-connectivity-forms.md (#2652)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-4-4-added-logic-for-trimming-values-in-provider-connectivity-forms.md

---
date: ""

> title: Trim values in provider connectivity forms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Trimmed values in connectivity provider forms
```

> title: Added logic for trimming values in provider connectivity forms.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Trim values in provider connectivity forms
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:

>   - value: component--KIsStyzM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
```

>     label: Device Management app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Administration
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4076
version: 1021.4.4
---

> Added logic for trimming values in provider connectivity forms.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To improve data quality and consistency, the provider connectivity forms have been enhanced. The entered values are now automatically trimmed, removing any leading or trailing whitespace characters. This change ensures that unintended spaces do not impact the data stored and processed by the system. Users should be aware that any extra spaces they may have previously entered will now be removed automatically when submitting the form.
```

>  In the **Connectivity** tab, whitespaces are now automatically trimmed from input values in the connectivity provider forms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 In the **Connectivity** tab, whitespaces are now automatically trimmed from input values in the connectivity provider forms to prevent server errors caused by invalid header values with prohibited characters, such as leading or trailing spaces.
```

>  Implemented logic to automatically trim whitespace from input values in the connectivity provider form within the Administration Connectivity tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In the **Connectivity** tab, whitespaces are now automatically trimmed from input values in the connectivity provider forms.
```

Reviewer: @dafkk Can you please add one sentence why this has been done, what was the issue caused by this?

>  In the **Connectivity** tab, whitespaces are now automatically trimmed from input values in the connectivity provider forms to prevent server errors caused by invalid header values with prohibited characters, such as leading or trailing spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent server errors caused by invalid header values with prohibited characters, such as leading or trailing spaces, whitespaces are now automatically trimmed from input values in the connectivity provider forms in the **Connectivity** tab. 
```

> To improve data quality and consistency, the provider connectivity forms have been enhanced. The entered values are now automatically trimmed, removing any leading or trailing whitespace characters. This change ensures that unintended spaces do not impact the data stored and processed by the system. Users should be aware that any extra spaces they may have previously entered will now be removed automatically when submitting the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Implemented logic to automatically trim whitespace from input values in the connectivity provider form within the Administration Connectivity tab.
```
